The production starts of with a warehouse sending an inquiry for more product. This then;starts the production.;The production has three phases, the preproduction, the production itself and the control of;the product. The pre production mainly concerns following the required legislation in order to;be allowed to produce the beverage as well as making sure all the machinery is fully;functioning and that all the ingredients are available. This is mainly done by the HQ.The second step is the actual;production of the Syrup/Liquid, Bottles,the bottling of the liquid and finally the packaging.;The last step is the shipping process in which the warehouse will receive the shipment they;need (this part also have ties to the beginning of the process as the warehouse sends an;inquiry for more product).;In the first phase the company must make sure that their standards follow the ISO 9001 and;the ISO 22000, the company's own Quality and Food Safety policy and lastly the global standards of the Coca Cola company. This involves electronic bottle inspection equipment;on all refillable bottling production lines to identify and reject even the tiniest irregularity in;their beverages. Furthermore, the process must not violate any legislation when it comes to;production of food or beverages;In the 2nd phase the production process starts with the production team making sure all ingredients are available,;then the machinery must maintained to reduce the risk of contamination or breakdowns.;The ingredients must also inspected before production to make sure that there are no;irregularities, if an irregularity presents itself, this batch of ingredients is declined and not;used. The water used in the production goes through special treatments to ensure the;microbiological safety. The water must have the correct concentration of naturally dissolved;salts. The syrup is prepared in special tanks by first firstly dissolving the right amount of;sugar in the treated water, and then afterwards filtering this water to remove any possible;impurities. Only after this the simple syrup is mixed with the Coca Cola concentrate to make;up the liquid in its final form. After this a flash pasteurisation thermal process will then ensure;that even the most sensitive products will not alter in their sensory characteristic during their;shelf life.;The bottle production goes through the same basic pre steps as the liquid, however in this;process it is paramount that the company follows legislation regarding usage of plastic and;cleanliness of the product as it would otherwise be illegal to use.;The filling and packaging process starts with the treated and cooled water being mixed with;the final syrup and then the carbon dioxide is added. The drink is the filled into the bottles;and ready to be packaged. The bottles must be perfectly clean, hermetically sealed, labeled,;coded and tested. This is done by machines in a modern automatic plant. The glass bottles;are then placed in boxes while the plastic bottles and canned products go into various;multipacks. The Product is then shipped to the warehouse where it was intended to go from;the start.
The process begins when the Project Manager must hand over the Operational Readiness Review (ORR) documentation task to the Delivery Project Lead (DPL). The DPL must initialise the ORR process once, thereafter the contract requirements and the ORR checklist must be checked.Then the DPL must create the documentation tasks for the different stakeholders. He sends these tasks to the Operations Team who creates the documentation required. The DPL also sends documentation tasks to the Project Manager, who then delegates the tasks in the project team. The Operations Team and the Project Manager sends the documentation to the DPL once the tasks are completed. The DPL receives the documentation from the Project Manager and the Operation Team Manager and compiles the documentation. Then the DPL sends an invitation to the Project Manager and the Operations Team Manager for an approval meeting. At the meeting they either reject or approve the documentation. If it gets rejected, the documentation has to be reworked. If there is rework, the approval will be in written format without a new meeting. After the approval, the DPL compiles the documentation and sends it to approval with the customer. If the documentation is approved at the meeting, the DPL must send the documentation to approval with the customer. The customer receives and reads the documentation, and either rejects or approves it. If rejected, the customer must send the documentation back to the DPL, who then facilitates the rework. If approved, the document is sent to the DPL and the ORR process is complete.
When a customer access Mikkeller Webshop platform and they may browse the products in the webshop. A customer must browse for products prior to adding a product to the basket, but they can access the basket upon entering the webshop without any prior conditions. A customer may adjust the quantity of the products prior to adding the product to the basket, but they could also add a product with its default quantity of 1. A customer may adjust the quantity or remove products within the basket. In order to proceed to check-out at least one product must be in the basket. In order to complete the purchase, a customer must fill correct contact, shipping and billing details. The payment method used in the billing details must have sufficient funds to cover the order, otherwise the payment will be rejected. At any time the customer may leave the webshop page.
The process begins when an employee chooses a seller from the long-term renting waiting list. The employee selects a seller and can only pay and decide upon a renting period if the seller confirms the shelf that has become available. If the seller does not confirm the shelf, the employee will pick another potential seller. After the confirmation the seller must decide their renting period which should be at least 14 weeks. Afterwards the seller needs to decide whether they pay over the phone or at the shop which requires an employee to take payment or to pay through the website which automatically will take the payment. Hereafter it is possible for the seller to maintain their shelf parallel to other activities where they can provide new items, clean the shelf, take items down and renew prices. After they have made the payment they can move out at any time without any other needed activities.;;Two weeks before the renting period is done, management needs to contact the seller to announce that the renting period is almost complete and ask the seller if they want an extension. However, it is also possible for sellers to contact management which then would not require management to contact them. If they do not want to extend, they will move out. If they would like an extension, management needs to check their revenue.;;If the revenue is equal or above 700 DKK a week then they can extend the renting period which requires the seller to choose a renting period again and new payment method. If the revenue is below 700 DKK a week then management can end the contract. Management has the choice to contact the seller again to persuade them to not extend the shelf since it is unprofitable for the shop. If the seller agrees to not extend, they need to move out after their renting period. However, if they disagree with management the ‘extension is granted’ and they have decided the renting period and choose a new payment method. Even though this path is recommended we have shown that it is still possible for management to grant an extension directly to a seller if they have a revenue below 700 DKK a week.; 
 CASS §48(1): “Before the municipal council makes a decision under sections 51, 52, 52a, 56, 57a, 57b, 58, 62 and 63, section 65(2) and (3) and sections 68–71 and 75, the child or young person must be consulted on these matters. The consultation may be dispensed with if the child or young person was consulted immediately beforehand in connection with the performance of a child protection examination, cf. section 50 below. [...]”;; CASS §50(7): “The examination must be completed within four (4) months after the municipal council has become aware that a child or young person may be in need of special support. Where, exceptionally, an examination cannot be completed within 4 months, the municipal council shall pre- pare a provisional assessment and complete the examination as soon as possible thereafter.” ; CASS §63(1): “If the custodial parent fails to have a child or young per- son examined or treated for a life-threatening disease or a disease in- volving the risk of substantial and permanent impairment of function, the children and young persons committee may decide to undertake such examination or treatment.”
The process spans five departments within the company: Executives, Customer Service, Finance, IT SYSOPS (system operations) and IT DEVOPS (development operations). The roles involved in the process are the Global Relationship Manager (GRM), a Customer Service Consultant (CSC), an accountant, the DataBase Administrator (DBA) and the Head of Development (HoD):;;The GRM receives a request to become retailer. Afterwards the GRM must request more information from the potential retailer. The retailer can only provide the requested information after the request has been made. Once the information has been provided, the information must be forwarded to the CSC by the GRM. Only after the information has been forwarded the CSC register the information in Oracle. The information can only be registered in Oracle once during the process. Afterwards the CSC must create a Jira task for the HoD. Then the HoD knows that he must create a contract. The creation of the contract should only happen once to prevent misunderstandings within the process. Only once the contract has been created the HoD can send the contract. After sending the contract two scenarios are possible: a) the contract is reviewed by retailer, b) the request is automatically cancelled after 30 days of no response from retailer. If the request is cancelled automatically the rest of the process will be cancelled as well. If the contract is reviewed by retailer two additional options are possible: retailer signs contract or retailer rejects contract. If the retailer rejects the contract, the request will either be cancelled or the HoD will refine the contract due to errors in the contract. Rejection of the contract will disable the rest of the process from happening. If the request is cancelled by the retailer the process will be cancelled. If the contract is refined it eliminates the option to cancel the request before the contract has been sent once again. If the retailer chooses to sign the contract during contract review, it shouldn’t be possible to obtain more information, send the contract or cancel the request. After the retailer has signed the contract the GRM must receive the signed contract. After that the Finance department must create an invoice. The invoice can only be created once but can be sent multiple times after it has been created. After the invoice has been sent the retailer must pay the invoice once before the finance department will receive the payment one time. After the payment has been received the finance department must notify the GRM and the CSC. Once the GRM and CSC have been notified the following activities will happen: the GRM must upload the contract to COMA, the CSC must create a task in Jira for the HoD, register the retailer in webCRM once, and activate the retailer in Oracle once. These activities doesn’t have to happen in any specific order, they must however all be executed before the welcome email can be sent by the GRM. The DBA must addition also register the retailer in the Retailer Portal and whitelist the IP address before the welcome email should be allowed to be sent. The tasks the DBA has to perform can only be done once per new retailer. Before the DBA can do these tasks the CSC must have created the task in Jira. The final activity of the process is when the GRM sends the welcome email.; 
Every time a translation order is received, an agent needs to check it. If the document is in a DOCX (Word) format, the agent “analyses” it in the ERP (this will automatically process the document and fill in information regarding document length, word count and repetition count). If the document is a PDF format, the agent either converts the document manually to DOCX through a third-party program or calls the client and requests a different format document. Once the document is analysed, the agent sets a quota for the order in the system. The agent choose a translator from the database and sends a request to them. The translator can either accept or decline the task. If accepted the agent receives a notification and sends the quota to the client. If the client accepts it, a notification is sent to the translator that work can begin, otherwise if the quota is declined the order is closed. If the translator declines the request, the agent looks for another translator. Once the translator is done with the translation, the translator uploads the translated document. The agent will then check the translated work to ensure that it looks up-to-standard. If deemed satisfactory the agent will close the case and the translated document together with an invoice is sent to the client.
There are three actors, or roles, involved in the Statement of Work (SoW) creation process consisting of two departments, the Service Sales department and the Professional Services department, and the Customer.;;The SoW creation process is initiated by a workshop in which the Statement of Work is developed by the Service Sales department. The SoW creation workshop contains three events: “estimate project length”, “estimate resource hours” and “estimate project cost”. All the activities in the SoW creation workshop are nested as the Statement of Work can only be finished if all activities are executed, hence project length, hours and cost should be estimated in order for the SoW to be completed. The SoW is then evaluated before sending it to the customer. It can either be rejected or accepted internally by the Service Sales department. If the SoW is being rejected it is not required that all estimations have to be redone. The flexibility needs to be given in order for the Service Sales department to adjust only one or two estimations or even small formalities that do not require a new SoW creation workshop. Once the adjustment is done, the SoW can be sent for internal evaluation again. This process can be repeated as many times as needed until the SoW is accepted and finally sent to the customer. Once the SoW is sent to the customer, it cannot be modified and sent to the customer again. This ensures alignment between the two parties, Tradeshift and the Customer. The Customer is then responsible for reviewing the SoW and choosing one of the three following options: “Rework SoW”, “Reject SoW” and “Accept SoW”. Since these activities belong to a second subprocess (“Customer choice”), not all activities have to be executed before moving on to an activity outside of the subprocess.;;If the customer accepts the SoW, it is automatically handed over to the Professional Services department. Since the “accept SoW” activity excludes itself, as well as “decline project” and “reject SoW”, the only possibility is to close the deal with the Service Sales department and to hand the SoW over to Professional Services, or, in case a problem arises after accepting the SoW, the model provides the needed flexibility to rework the SoW in case ad hoc changes come up.;If the Customer rejects the SoW, both accept - and rework SoW are excluded activities and the “project declined” activity gets into a pending state, meaning it must be executed. This ends the process and Tradeshift’s collaboration with the Customer until Tradeshift is potentially chosen as a vendor of choice again.;;If a Customer decides that rework needs to be done on the suggested SoW, the green include relation from “rework SoW” to the “SoW creation workshop”-nest indicates that any number of activities nested in the “SoW creation workshop” can be executed again to modify the SoW according to the Customer’s preference. Every time an estimation is modified, the SoW needs to be internally accepted or rejected again. This is shown by the combination of the include, condition and response relation pointing from the “SoW creation workshop”-nest to the “SoW evaluation” subprocess. Once the SoW is modified, accepted and sent to the Customer, the Customer needs to choose between the three activities in the “Customer choice” subprocess again.;The SoW can be reworked as many times as needed, but it can only be rejected and accepted once. This is a requirement the model needs to comply with, since the rejection of a SoW indicates the end of a collaboration between Tradeshift and its customer and the acceptance of the SoW leads to the closure of the deal and a handover to Professional Services. The SoW should not be modified anymore once it is used as a project baseline in another department. ; 
The process is always initiated when the purchaser receives an order request in their portal ServiceNow, which is modelled in the graph as an activity called Receive order in ServiceNow. Followed by this is the activity Check stock, which means that the purchaser must check whether or not the product is on stock, before he knows where to go next. There are now six paths the purchaser can execute which are based on the six different required scenarios and the two forbidden scenarios. The scenarios are described in detail later on in this section.;;The first thing the Purchaser does is checking if the item is on stock. From here he will move on directly to Check item value so that he knows if the product should be registered in the system for the individual user. This is a necessary step which needs to be done and is a result of checking the stock. Now if the item has a low value, it is ready for delivery, but if it has a high value the Check item value activity, makes Registration available for execution. After this has been done, the delivery of the item is now a mandatory part of the process. This will end with the purchaser always closing the order in ServiceNow. If the item is not on stock, the purchaser must first place the order from an external vendor. From here, the purchaser must again go to the activity of Check item value, so that he will know if the item should be registered or not. After this, the purchaser must ensure whether the item has been received, and if not, the purchaser contacts the vendor which is shown in the activities Check delivery status followed by Contact vendor. Lastly the order can be closed in ServiceNow, which is shown with the activity Close order in ServiceNow.; 
The workflow of a computer repair service (CRS) can be described as follows. A customer brings in a defective computer and the CRS checks the defect and hands out a repair cost calculation back. If the customer decides that the costs are acceptable, the process continues, otherwise she takes her computer home unrepaired. The ongoing repair consists of two activities, which are executed, in an arbitrary order. The first activity is to check and repair the hardware, whereas the second activity checks and configures ;the software. After each of these activities, the proper system functionality is tested. If an error is detected another arbitrary repair activity is executed, otherwise the repair is finished.
A hospital wants to establish a rating workflow for their doctors. To make the workflow reliable two different roles are assigned. The first one is a referee from the newly created quality assurance department while the second one represents the managing director of the hospital. Both roles execute all of their tasks independently from each other.;;The referee starts a new case regarding a certain doctor by interviewing patients. Since a patient interview workflow is already established, it is simply integrated in the new workflow. Meanwhile, the director asks an external expert to review the work of the doctor under rating. Unfortunately, since the expert only gets a low expenses fee, it can happen that the expert is not responding in time. If that happens, another expert has to be asked (who could also not respond in time, i.e. the procedure repeats). If an expert finally sends an expertise, it is received by the director and forwarded to the referee. The referee files the results containing the patient interviews as well as the expertise and afterward creates a report. While the referee is doing this, the manager fills a check to pay the expenses of the expert.
When P&R puts in a request for a label design, Marketing must create a label design and submit it for approval to the product owner. After the design is approved by the product owner, Marketing may send the design to test groups for feedback. If changes are made based on the feedback Marketing must submit the design for approval to the product owner. After the design is approved, if the design is not sent to test groups, Marketing must send the design to P&R. ; 
The process initiates when a new batch of product arrives at Puori’s european or american;storage facilities. The Product and Regulatory Department (Henceforth “Puori”) is immediately notified, and a sample of the batch is sent to the laboratory, Ellipse. Puori then requests a series of tests from Ellipse by sending a purchase order. As Ellipse lacks the equipment and skills to do certain tests they outsource these to another laboratory, Eurofarm. When the tests are done, Puori reviews the results and either accepts or rejects them. If Puori accepts the results Ellipse sends the report to the publishing company cleanlabelproject.com (Henceforth “Clean Label”) for 3rd party publication. If the results are rejected Ellipse re-tests the samples and a new report is subjected to Puori for acceptance or rejection. When the results are available online Clean Label notifies Puori who checks the published results, to ensure that the data is correctly displayed. Once Puori has checked the published data and no errors has been found the process is completed and terminates. Should errors be found, Puori compiles a list of errors for Clean Label to fix. When this is eventually implemented the process ends.; 
When the shop manager starts ordering, he has to select an item, and then checks the stock. He then enters the amount of product that is needed for the following days. He must repeat this process for all goods which the shop sells. Once everything has been ordered, the shop manager must confirm the order. After confirming the order, he may edit, cancel, or send the order to the shop supply manager.;;The supply manager collects orders from shops. If the supply manager does not receive an order list from a shop by the designated deadline, the supply manager will contact the shop manager in order to obtain the order list.;;The supply manager must then prepare a list of goods that are already available for the warehouse to deliver to the shops. The supply manager then dispatches this list over to the warehouse manager. The supply manager also contacts suppliers and provides quantity of goods that are needed for the warehouse. The supply manager receives the ETA, finalizes the order, and then sends list of goods and ETA to the warehouse.
Mikkeller has created a webshop to sell their products to customers that are not able to buy them in physical stores or prefers to buy them online. The webshop ordering includes 3 roles: webshop, customer and warehouse.;The process starts when the customer enters Mikkeller.dk. Before the customer adds an item to his basket, he must decide the quantity of the product that he wishes to purchase. Once he has done so he adds the product to his basket.;The webshop registers that a customer has sent the above request, and the webshop will then have to “check stock availability”. Should the items be available, the webshop will proceed by adding the items to the basket. Unfortunately, it can happen that the chosen items are not available, if that happens the webshop will display the maximum amount available of the chosen product to the customer. The customer now has to choose the product again (and add an amount within the limit) or choose another product.;If the customer has successfully added items to the basket, he or she have to decide to either keep shopping, thereby following the above process again or “create order”. When the order has been created the customer will fill out the billing information. The webshop must then check that everything is fine if not, the customer will have to fill out the form again, otherwise the webshop will have to confirm the order by sending a confirmation order to the customer. If the customer regrets, the cancelation must be done within 30 minutes. If not cancelled within 30 minutes the webshop shall send a purchase order to the warehouse. After the warehouse has received the purchase order, they collect the requested products, pack them and send them to the customer. The customer then receives the ordered products. The customer can always leave the webshop.; 
The customer makes an order on Wolt’s website or mobile application, specifying restaurant, the food and if they want to pick up the order or if they want it delivered. When Wolt receives the order, it is then registered.The order is then distributed to the restaurant where it can be either accepted or rejected due to being busy or lack of required ingredients to execute the order. If the order is accepted, the restaurant begins preparing the food. Additionally, if delivery option is chosen and the order is accepted, Wolt’s system immediately starts allocating a vacant courier that can pick up the food and deliver it to the customer. It is determined by range from the customer and the restaurant - couriers usually operate in a designated area - if they are in range and vacant they are prompted if they want to accept the order. If not, the allocating process restarts. If the courier accepts, they head towards the restaurant to pick up the order. When it is picked up, the courier travels towards the customer to deliver the order. 
Consider the following business process at an insurance company. The process includes two major roles, agents (supporting customers outdoor) and clerks (work indoors). When the insurance company receives a new claim , the clerk calls the agent to actually check the claim, and creates a new case. As both tasks are executed by different roles (that are mapped to different people), the activities are scheduled in parallel. After the agent has confirmed the claim to the clerk, he supports the customer with additional assistance (e.g. getting a new id-card from the public authority). After the clerk has received the confirmation from the agent, she issues a money order for the claim. If the agent has completed his additional support and the clerk has issued the money order, the claim is closed. ;;Additional changes to the text (not present in the original specification): ;The agent will confirm the claim only after having checked it.
The process starts when the storage facility used by Puori sends a product sample to Ellipse. Ellipse then notifies Puori of the new sample. Before testing can begin, Puori then request a test of a sample through Ellipse. Ellipse must then test the product, as well as have additional testing done through Eurofarms. When all testing is done, results will be compiled into a report before sending the report to Puori for approval. This enables Puori to evaluate the results. If the results are different than expected, Puori may ask Ellipse for re-testing. If the results of the re-testing do not live up to Puoris standards, the batch will be discarded. If the results are sound Ellipse must send the results to Clean Label, who must then publish the results. Puori then checks whether all is in order and either approves of the publication, or compiles a list of possible errors. If errors are found, Clean Label must correct the errors before publishing the results again.; 
A school sends a request regarding school visit to the manager. The manager receives the request and checks the calendar. If date is available the manager assigns a date. The manager sends an email with school visit confirmed. ;;The manager has to find student ambassadors and therefore sends out a poll to the student ambassadors informing them of the date. This gives the student ambassadors the chance to sign up if they are available. After 3 days the poll is reviewed by the manage. If more than 3 have applied the manager assign three ambassadors for the visit. If less than 3 have replied the manager will notify the ambassadors again about the school visit and extend the sign up period by two days. After the extension of two days, the poll is reviewed again and if three or more student ambassadors have answered she will assign three ambassadors.; ;While the sign up period is running, the manager has to find a room. The manager contacts Facility management to check for available rooms. If there is an available room the room is booked. ;;If the manager finds a room and available student ambassadors, the manager creates an agenda and sends the agenda as a confirmation to the school. ;;Reasons for cancellation: ;If the date is not available the manager cancel the request. ;If less than three student ambassadors are available after the two sign up periods, the school visit must be cancelled.;If there are no rooms available for the school visit, the manager is notified by the facility management and the school visit must be cancelled.;;;
Extracted from the Danish Service law, paragraph 42:;;Article (1) ;The municipal council shall pay compensation for loss of earnings to persons maintaining a child under 18 in the home whose physical or mental function is substantially and permanently impaired, or who is suffering from serious, chronic or long-term illness. Compensation shall be subject to the condition that the child is cared for at home as a necessary consequence of the impaired function, and that it is most expedient for the mother or father to care for the child.;;;Article (2) ;The requirement in paragraph (1) above that the child shall be cared for at home shall not apply to any child mentioned in paragraph (1) who has been placed in care under section 52(3)(vii) in connection with the child’s hospital visit. It is a condition that the presence of the mother or father at the hospital is a necessary consequence of the child’s functional impairment and that such presence is most expedient for the child.
The end-to-end process chosen as the scope for this report is initiated by the event-start notation in the Sales department “Negotiations with customer initiated”. It is marked as an event because the negotiations are not considered an action in the scope, but the decision of choosing Tradeshift as the vendor of choice lies with the customer. Therefore, an XOR-gate with two outcomes: 1) Negotiations terminated, which leads to the event of terminating the process, 2) Tradeshift is Vendor of Choice, which leads to the action of handing the customer to Service Sales.;;Service Sales conducts the SoW workshop with the customer, in order to scope and align expectations for the project and notifies Professional Services of an incoming project. The next step in the process is for Service Sales to create estimations for the SoW, which is, for the scope of this report, three estimations occurring simultaneously. In the model, it is demonstrated with an AND-split which is used to model the split of the three actions happening in parallel. These parallel actions are then merged with the AND-join which is used “... to synchronize the execution of two or more parallel branches.” (Dumas et al., 2013; p.82). The SoW is sent to the customer for review, and the customer then decides, depicted by the XOR-gate, whether they want to reject the SoW which terminates the project, rework it by sending it back to Service Sales for reiterations, or sign the contract in order for the project to proceed.;;If the customer requests to rework the SoW, it is sent back to Service Sales, and the process loops back to before the AND-split gate. This means the grouped parallel actions of SoW Creation, and the SoW review is considered a repetition block.;;“We have a workshop with a customer for 1-2 days then we prepare a draft for a SoW. Then there is an internal SoW approval process. This is shared with the customer + we try to figure out a price. This then gets sent along with the order form. Our current timing target is 3 weeks. When we can meet that, it's great. The forecasting of deals are challenging. A lot of back and forth.” ( #1b);;If the customer signs the SoW, Service Sales hand-over the customer to Professional Services where the Project Team will be established and the resources are allocated in the Project Management tool, Krow. The information Professional Services utilize to deliver the project, is the SoW previously estimated by Service Sales.;;“... we have Krow, our project tool and here we are supposed to allocate the resources' time and how much they work on each and every project.” (#3b);;During Project Delivery, the customer has the option to initiate a change request. If this is the case, the project will be sent to Service Sales for scoping, and the change order is then accompanied in Krow with the proper resource reallocation. This repetition block can be initiated as many times as the customer desires, until there are no longer any change requests and the project is terminated due to the product being delivered. The termination of the process is depicted by the “Project Completion” event.; 
The process begins when the deadline for applying for a certain job is reached. After this the HR employee screens the application for those who invoke their equal rights as disabled, as well as look through the application for internal applicants. Meanwhile the head of the department hiring looks through the applications. ;When the applications has been screened and looked through, the HR and head of department meets to select the candidates that are being invited for the first interview. The candidates are then either receiving an email with a rejection or receiving a call where they are invited for the first interview. If the candidate does not answer the phone the HR employee leaves a message on their answering machine to call back. If the candidate does not call back the dialogue with this candidate is terminated. However, if the candidate gives a call back or pick up the phone the first time the HR employee calls a time and date for the interview is agreed upon. ;When a time and date is agreed upon, the HR employee will prepare an email to the candidate with information regarding the interview. ;After this the candidate, head of department and a selected employee of the department hiring is attending the interview. When all the interviews are executed the HR, head of department and employee from the respective department agrees upon the candidates invited for the second interview. This leads to the candidates invited for the second interview is receiving a phone call and the candidates not invited for the second interview is receiving a rejection email. 
A school sends a request regarding school visit to the manager. The manager receives the request and checks the calendar. If date is available the manager assigns a date. The manager sends an email with school visit confirmed. ;;The manager has to find student ambassadors and therefore sends out a poll to the student ambassadors informing them of the date. This gives the student ambassadors the chance to sign up if they are available. After 3 days the poll is reviewed by the manage. If more than 3 have applied the manager assign three ambassadors for the visit. If less than 3 have replied the manager will notify the ambassadors again about the school visit and extend the sign up period by two days. After the extension of two days, the poll is reviewed again and if three or more student ambassadors have answered she will assign three ambassadors.; ;While the sign up period is running, the manager has to find a room. The manager contacts Facility management to check for available rooms. If there is an available room the room is booked. ;;If the manager finds a room and available student ambassadors, the manager creates an agenda and sends the agenda as a confirmation to the school. ;;Reasons for cancellation: ;If the date is not available the manager cancel the request. ;If less than three student ambassadors are available after the two sign up periods, the school visit must be cancelled.;If there are no rooms available for the school visit, the manager is notified by the facility management and the school visit must be cancelled.;;;
When an employee creates an expense report the money must be paid out within one week. After creating the expense report a manager should approve the expense report. if a manager approves the expense report the money can be paid out by finance. If the case is awaiting manager approval payout cannot happen. If the manager rejects the expense report he must later approve the expense report in order to payout to happen. The employee can redraw the expense report. Doing so will close the case. Once payout has been done the case is closed.
the process starts when a customer wants to rent a bike, this is requested online through their website. In the first step, the customer will write an email asking if there are any bikes available at that time. Swapfiets online customer service will receive the email and contact the Swapfiets store employees, those are the ones who check the availability of the bikes. If no bikes are available, Swapfiets online customer service will notify the customer, and the service will not be supported.;;Otherwise, if bikes are available, the customer must fill in all the required information and pay the first fee while the Swapfiets store employees prepare the bike. Once they have completed everything, they can get the bike from the shop and the contract will be started.;;In case something is wrong, maintenance will be requested, and it will be the Swapfiets store employees who will fix or swap the bike. The customer will proceed to take the bike to the nearest Swapfiets store or also, the staff will pick up the bike at the customer's place, so that the store employees can check that it is something wrong. The bike will be analyzed, and depending on the damage, it will be swapped for another one, or fixed. Once the bike is ready to be used, the customer will pick it up at the store and start using it again. The maintenance process can be performed as many times as the bike requires.;;Once the customer wants to terminate the contract, provided that at least two months have passed since the beginning of the contract, he must send a warning message to Swapfiets employees saying that he wants to terminate the contract. The customer must take the bike to the shop, and the employees will check it and if everything is correct, they will register it as available and ready for a new rental contract. ; 
The process starts when the storage facility used by Puori sends a product sample to Ellipse. Ellipse then notifies Puori of the new sample. Before testing can begin, Puori then request a test of a sample through Ellipse. Ellipse must then test the product, as well as have additional testing done through Eurofarms. When all testing is done, results will be compiled into a report before sending the report to Puori for approval. This enables Puori to evaluate the results. If the results are different than expected, Puori may ask Ellipse for re-testing. If the results of the re-testing do not live up to Puori’s standards, the batch will be discarded. If the results are sound Ellipse must send the results to Clean Label, who must then publish the results. Puori then checks whether all is in order and either approves of the publication, or compiles a list of possible errors. If errors are found, Clean Label must correct the errors before publishing the results again.; 